>> Brian Holt: So yeah, we are going
to write two more quick tests.
So, we're gonna import ShowCard.
If you really want to, you can just put
another snapshot test here for ShowCard.
I'm not going to and
then we are going to import preload,
import preload from '../public/data/json'.
I'm gonna move these
up.
>> Brian Holt: And
what I wanna test now
is I have 15 TV shows,
I just want to make sure that it
renders 15 ShowCards for 15 TV shows.
So, I'm gonna write a test.
>> Brian Holt: 'Search
should render a ShowCard for each show.
>> Brian Holt: And say, const component =
shallow(<Search />) and
then I'm just gonna write
an expect
(preload.shows.length).toEqual(component.-
find(ShowCard).length).
>> Speaker 2: The QA person tells me that
those should be reversed.
>> Brian Holt: That
snapshot shouldn't be first.
>> Speaker 2: The component find ShowCard
length should be inside the expect and
preload shows length should be what
it equals.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: But that's the QA person in
me.
>> Brian Holt: [LAUGH]
The developer in me just doesn't give
a shit about anything.
So, [LAUGH] it works on my computer.
I buy that.
>> Brian Holt: Lord knows,
I am the worst at QA.
>> Brian Holt: So,
let's chat about what's going on here.
So, we're doing another
shallow render of search.
By now you've seen what that looks like.
We're saying, .find, which more or
less works like how you would
expect like a jQuery type selector.
With the additional feature that we can
pass it actually a React component says,
hey, go out and find all the show card
components that you have inside of me and
tell me how many you
have with that length.
It's going to give you an array
back of all these components.
So I said, you should find as
many ShowCards as I have shows.
That's the basic gist of
what this is testing.
So if I have 15 shows inside of my
preload, then I should have 15 ShowCards.
>> Brian Holt: So if I save that and
run it.
>> Brian Holt: Should
pass.
>> Brian Holt: But
a test is only as interesting as how well
you can break it, so let's go break it.
So if we go into search, what happens if
I give it a default searchTerm if I say,
house?
Well, now it won't render all 15,
this can only render 2.
So, we expect this test to now fail.
>> Brian Holt: So,
I expected to get 21 and I received 2.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
so I guess the QA part of you was right,
[LAUGH] cuz you wouldn't expect it to.
Yeah, I'm a slum uptake, but you're right.
So, does that make sense
of why that failed?
It's kind of an interesting test.
That's not necessarily the way you would
expect it to break, but that's how it is.